TYPE: Video Essay/Discussion/Documentary

TITLE: 6. Behavioral Genetics I

ID: e0WZx7lUOrY

PUBLISHER: """
Video_Owner_Channel_Title: Stanford 
Video_Owner_Id: UC-EnprmCZ3OXyAoG7vjVNCA
Channel_Title: a secular dharma?
Channel_Id: UCJ9zuxSNKALELgjGBMtOC_w
"""

DATE: 2010-04-12T00:46:51Z

DESCRIPTION: """
Robert Sapolsky introduces a two-part series exploring the controversial scientific practice of inferring behavior to genetics. He covers classical techniques in behavior genetics and flaws, the significance of environmental factors, non genetic inheritance of traits, and multigenerational effects and relationship to epigenetic differences.

Stanford University
http://www.stanford.edu

Stanford Department of Biology
http://biology.stanford.edu/

Stanford University Channel on YouTube
http://www.youtube.com/stanford
"""

TRANSCRIPT: """
Stanford University Ok, let's get going. Let's see. First off, apologies for Friday. Sometimes what seems like a flawless set of connecting flights on paper. Turn out not to be in reality, so hopefully people may

get a good use of the time.

to the same sort of wind tunnel of selection as does the heart of a giraffe blah blah that whole song a dance following certain rules. You could generate fairly structured predictions about social behavior and then the we win version of using that is here's what we predict here is the way we explain this complex system of social behavior using these rules which assume certain degrees of heritability of behavior following certain rules of evolution and until you come

up with a better explanation for how this goes on we win this is how behavior works. Then we shifted over to the molecular end and what we saw was on a certain sort of trendy level molecular biology is the answer to the people who would sit around to the social biologist and say show me the genes, show me the genes for what you keep talking about inferentially and what we saw was how evolutionary change works out from the DNA level very importantly. The common

For more, please visit us at stanford.edu.
"""

